DOCS-1101: Update to smart machine more broadly (#1863)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/data/_index.md

{{% alert title="Tip" color="tip" %}}

The following code examples assume that you have a smart machine configured with a data management service called `"my_data_service"`, and that you add the required code to connect to your smart machine and import any required packages at the top of your code file.

> Go to your smart machine's **Code sample** tab on the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com) for boilerplate code to connect to your smart machine.

Reviewer: I think should use robot here since that’s what it’s called in the app, but smart machine is fine for the rest of this file

> Go to your smart machine's **Code sample** tab on the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com) for boilerplate code to connect to your smart machine.

Author: ```suggestion
Go to your robot's **Code sample** tab on the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com) for boilerplate code to connect to your robot.
```

{{% /alert %}}

> Sync data stored on the smart machine to the cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
Sync data stored on the robot to the cloud.
```
